docs/document-level-security/NETWORK_DRIVE.md, before:

### Setting up the Network Drive connector

See the [Developer guide](../../docs/DEVELOPING.md) for setting up connectors.

## Document level security

Document Level Security (DLS) enables you to restrict access to documents based on a user's permissions.
This feature is available by default for the Network Drive connector.
DLS in the Network drive connector facilitates the syncing of folder & file permissions, including both user and group level permissions.

The present version of Network Drive connector will offer DLS support for Windows Network Drive only.

Refer to [document level security](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/dls.html) for more information.

**Note:** Refer to [DLS in Search Applications](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/dls-e2e-guide.html) to learn how to search data on a network drive with DLS enabled, when building a search application.

## Additional Pre-requisite

To fetch users and groups in a Windows network drive, account credentials added in the connector configuration should have access to the Powershell of the Windows Server where the network drive is hosted.

#### Additional Configuration

##### `Enable document level security`

Toggle to enable [document level security (DLS)](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/dls.html). When enabled:
- Full syncs will fetch access control lists for each document and store them in the `_allow_access_control` field.
- Access control syncs will fetch users' access control lists and store them in a separate index.

Commit message:

Add DLS support for Linux Network Drive connector (#1773)

docs/document-level-security/NETWORK_DRIVE.md, after:

### Setting up the Network Drive connector

See the [Developer guide](../../docs/DEVELOPING.md) for setting up connectors.

## Document level security

Document Level Security (DLS) enables you to restrict access to documents based on a user's permissions.
This feature is available by default for the Network Drive connector.
DLS in the Network drive connector facilitates the syncing of folder & file permissions, including both user and group level permissions.

The native connector supports DLS for Windows Network Drive. DLS suppport for Linux Network Drive is now available  via self-managed connector client.
The user would need to add a csv file in the local path that contains users' information such that each row has the following format: `username;user-sid;group-sid1,group-sid-2`.

Refer to [document level security](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/dls.html) for more information.

**Note:** Refer to [DLS in Search Applications](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/dls-e2e-guide.html) to learn how to search data on a network drive with DLS enabled, when building a search application.

## Additional Pre-requisite

To fetch users and groups in a Windows network drive, account credentials added in the connector configuration should have access to the Powershell of the Windows Server where the network drive is hosted.

#### Additional Configuration

##### `Enable document level security`

Toggle to enable [document level security (DLS)](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/dls.html). When enabled:
- Full syncs will fetch access control lists for each document and store them in the `_allow_access_control` field.
- Access control syncs will fetch users' access control lists and store them in a separate index.
