.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Closes https://github.com/elastic/connectors-py/issues/###


<!--Provide a general description of the code changes in your pull request.
If the change relates to a specific issue, include the link at the top.

If this is an ad-hoc/trivial change and does not have a corresponding
issue, please describe your changes in enough details, so that reviewers
and other team members can understand the reasoning behind the pull request.-->

## Checklists

<!--You can remove unrelated items from checklists below and/or add new
items that may help during the review.-->

#### Pre-Review Checklist
- [ ] this PR does NOT contain credentials of any kind, such as API keys or username/passwords (double check `config.yml.example`)
- [ ] this PR has a meaningful title
- [ ] this PR links to all relevant github issues that it fixes or partially addresses
- [ ] if there is no GH issue, please create it. Each PR should have a link to an issue
- [ ] this PR has a thorough description
- [ ] Covered the changes with automated tests
- [ ] Tested the changes locally
- [ ] Added a label for each target release version (example: `v7.13.2`, `v7.14.0`, `v8.0.0`)
- [ ] Considered corresponding documentation changes
- [ ] Contributed any configuration settings changes to the configuration reference
- [ ] if you added or changed Rich Configurable Fields for a Native Connector, you made a corresponding PR in [Kibana](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/packages/kbn-search-connectors/types/native_connectors.ts)

#### Changes Requiring Extra Attention

<!--Please call out any changes that require special attention from the
reviewers and/or increase the risk to availability or security of the
system after deployment. Remove the ones that don't apply.-->

- [ ] Security-related changes (encryption, TLS, SSRF, etc)
- [ ] New external service dependencies added.

## Related Pull Requests

<!--List any relevant PRs here or remove the section if this is a standalone PR.

* https://github.com/elastic/.../pull/123-->

## Release Note

<!--If you think this enhancement/fix should be included in the release notes,
please write a concise user-facing description of the change here.
You should also label the PR with `release_note` so the release notes
author(s) can easily look it up.-->

Commit message:

Add bugfix backport reminder checklist item (#3463)
Co-authored-by: Elastic Machine <elasticmachine@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Artem Shelkovnikov <artem.shelkovnikov@elastic.co>

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Closes https://github.com/elastic/connectors-py/issues/###


<!--Provide a general description of the code changes in your pull request.
If the change relates to a specific issue, include the link at the top.

If this is an ad-hoc/trivial change and does not have a corresponding
issue, please describe your changes in enough details, so that reviewers
and other team members can understand the reasoning behind the pull request.-->

## Checklists

<!--You can remove unrelated items from checklists below and/or add new
items that may help during the review.-->

#### Pre-Review Checklist
- [ ] this PR does NOT contain credentials of any kind, such as API keys or username/passwords (double check `config.yml.example`)
- [ ] this PR has a meaningful title
- [ ] this PR links to all relevant github issues that it fixes or partially addresses
- [ ] if there is no GH issue, please create it. Each PR should have a link to an issue
- [ ] this PR has a thorough description
- [ ] Covered the changes with automated tests
- [ ] Tested the changes locally
- [ ] Added a label for each target release version (example: `v7.13.2`, `v7.14.0`, `v8.0.0`)
- [ ] For bugfixes: backport safely to all minor branches still receiving patch releases
- [ ] Considered corresponding documentation changes
- [ ] Contributed any configuration settings changes to the configuration reference
- [ ] if you added or changed Rich Configurable Fields for a Native Connector, you made a corresponding PR in [Kibana](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/blob/main/packages/kbn-search-connectors/types/native_connectors.ts)

#### Changes Requiring Extra Attention

<!--Please call out any changes that require special attention from the
reviewers and/or increase the risk to availability or security of the
system after deployment. Remove the ones that don't apply.-->

- [ ] Security-related changes (encryption, TLS, SSRF, etc)
- [ ] New external service dependencies added.

## Related Pull Requests

<!--List any relevant PRs here or remove the section if this is a standalone PR.

* https://github.com/elastic/.../pull/123-->

## Release Note

<!--If you think this enhancement/fix should be included in the release notes,
please write a concise user-facing description of the change here.
You should also label the PR with `release_note` so the release notes
author(s) can easily look it up.-->
