docs/CONFIG.md, before:

# Configuration

Configuration lives in [config.yml](../config.yml).

- `elasticsearch`: Elasticsearch connection configurations.
  - `host`: The host of the Elasticsearch deployment.
  - `api_key`: The API key for Elasticsearch connection. Using `api_key` is recommended instead of `username`/`password`.
  - `username`: The username for the Elasticsearch connection. Using `username` requires `password` to also be configured. However, `api_key` is the recommended configuration choice.
  - `password`: The password for the Elasticsearch connection. Using `password` requires `username` to also be configured. However, `api_key` is the recommended configuration choice.
  - `ssl`: Whether SSL is used for the Elasticsearch connection.
  - `ca_certs`: Path to a CA bundle.
  - `bulk`: Options for the Bulk API calls behavior - all options can be
    overridden by each source class
    - `display_every`: The number of docs between each counters display. Defaults to 100.
    - `queue_max_size`: The max size of the bulk queue. Defaults to 1024.
    - `queue_max_mem_size`: The max size in MB of the bulk queue. When it's reached, the next put
       operation waits for the queue size to get under that limit. Defaults to 25.
    - `chunk_max_mem_size`: The max size in MB of a bulk request. When the next request being
       prepared reaches that size, the query is emitted even if `chunk_size` is not yet reached. Defaults to 5.
    - `chunk_size`: The max size of the bulk operation to Elasticsearch. Defaults to 500.
    - `max_concurrency`: Maximum number of concurrent bulk requests. Defaults to 5.
    - `concurrent_downloads`: Maximum number of concurrent downloads in the backend. Default to 10.
  - `retry_on_timeout`: Whether to retry on request timeout. Defaults to `true`.
  - `request_timeout`: The request timeout to be passed to transport in options. Defaults to 120.
  - `max_wait_duration`: The maximum wait duration (in seconds) for the Elasticsearch connection. Defaults to 60.
  - `initial_backoff_duration`: The initial backoff duration (in seconds). Defaults to 5.
  - `backoff_multiplier`: The backoff multiplier. Defaults to 2.
  - `log_level`: Elasticsearch log level. Defaults to `INFO`.
- `service`: Connector service related configurations.
  - `idling`: The interval (in seconds) to poll connectors from Elasticsearch.
  - `heartbeat`: The interval (in seconds) to send a new heartbeat for a connector.
  - `preflight_max_attempts`: The maximum number of retries for pre-flight check. Defaults to 10.
  - `preflight_idle`: The number of seconds to wait between each pre-flight check. Defaults to 30.
  - `max_errors`: The maximum number of errors allowed in one event loop.
  - `max_errors_span`: The number of seconds to reset `max_errors` count.
  - `max_concurrent_syncs`: (Deprecated. Use `max_concurrent_content_syncs`) The maximum number of concurrent content syncs. Defaults to 1. 
  - `max_concurrent_content_syncs`: The maximum number of concurrent content syncs. Defaults to 1.
  - `max_concurrent_access_control_syncs`: The maximum number of concurrent access control syncs. Defaults to 1.
  - `job_cleanup_interval`: The interval (in seconds) to run job cleanup task.
  - `log_level`: Connector service log level. Defaults to `INFO`.
- `extraction_service`: Local extraction service-related configurations. These configurations are optional and are not included by default. The presence of these configurations enables [local content extraction](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/connectors-content-extraction.html#connectors-content-extraction-local).
  - `host`: The host of the local extraction service.
  - `timeout`: Request timeout for local extraction service requests, in seconds. Defaults to 30.
  - `use_file_pointers`: Whether or not to use file pointers for local extraction. Defaults to `false`.
  - `stream_chunk_size`: The size that files are chunked to for streaming when sending a file to the local extraction service, in bytes. Only applicable if `use_file_pointers` is `false`. Defaults to 65536 (64KB).
  - `shared_volume_dir`: The location for files to be extracted from. Only applicable if `use_file_pointers` is `true`. Defaults to `/app/files`. 
- `connector_id`: The ID of the connector.
- `service_type` The service type of the connector.
- `sources`: A mapping/dictionary between service type and [Fully Qualified Name
(FQN)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fully_qualified_name). E.g. `mongodb: connectors.sources.mongo:MongoDataSource`.

## Run the connector service on Elastic Cloud

When you have an Enterprise Search deployment on Elastic Cloud post 8.5.0, the connector service is automatically deployed.
The connector service runs in native mode on Elastic Cloud, and the Elasticsearch connection configurations (i.e. `host`, `username`, `password`) are automatically configured.
A special Cloud user (`cloud-internal-enterprise_search-server`) is used for the Elasticsearch connection.
This user has proper privileges on the connector index (`.elastic-connectors`), the connector job index (`.elastic-connectors-sync-jobs`) and the connector content indices (`search-*`).

If you wish to connect more connector types than are natively available on Elastic Cloud, you will need to run the connector service on-prem, as described below.

## Run the connector service on-prem

Any converted native connector, net-new connector, or customized/modified connector must be run as a connector client, on premises.  

1. Go to Kibana, _Enterprise Search_ > _Create an Elasticsearch index_. Select the service type of connector you wish to use.
2. Create an API key to work with the connector. It should be done using the `Generate API key` button under `Configuration` tab.
3. Configure your connector service application. You need to configure the following fields, and leave the rest as default.
   1. `elasticsearch.host`: Configure this to the Elasticsearch endpoint.
   2. `elasticsearch.api_key`: Configure the API key generated in step 2. This is recommended over utilizing `elasticsearch.username/password` so that access can be automatically and narrowly scoped.
   3. `connector_id`: You can find the `connector_id` in step 3 `Deploy a connector` under `Configuration` tab in Kibana.
   4. `service_type`: Configure it to the service type of your new connector.
4. Run the connector service application with
    ```shell
    make run
    ```

Commit message:

Update config to support multiple connector clients in one connector service

docs/CONFIG.md, after:

# Configuration

Configuration lives in [config.yml](../config.yml).

- `elasticsearch`: Elasticsearch connection configurations.
  - `host`: The host of the Elasticsearch deployment.
  - `api_key`: The API key for Elasticsearch connection. Using `api_key` is recommended instead of `username`/`password`.
  - `username`: The username for the Elasticsearch connection. Using `username` requires `password` to also be configured. However, `api_key` is the recommended configuration choice.
  - `password`: The password for the Elasticsearch connection. Using `password` requires `username` to also be configured. However, `api_key` is the recommended configuration choice.
  - `ssl`: Whether SSL is used for the Elasticsearch connection.
  - `ca_certs`: Path to a CA bundle.
  - `bulk`: Options for the Bulk API calls behavior - all options can be
    overridden by each source class
    - `display_every`: The number of docs between each counters display. Defaults to 100.
    - `queue_max_size`: The max size of the bulk queue. Defaults to 1024.
    - `queue_max_mem_size`: The max size in MB of the bulk queue. When it's reached, the next put
       operation waits for the queue size to get under that limit. Defaults to 25.
    - `chunk_max_mem_size`: The max size in MB of a bulk request. When the next request being
       prepared reaches that size, the query is emitted even if `chunk_size` is not yet reached. Defaults to 5.
    - `chunk_size`: The max size of the bulk operation to Elasticsearch. Defaults to 500.
    - `max_concurrency`: Maximum number of concurrent bulk requests. Defaults to 5.
    - `concurrent_downloads`: Maximum number of concurrent downloads in the backend. Default to 10.
  - `retry_on_timeout`: Whether to retry on request timeout. Defaults to `true`.
  - `request_timeout`: The request timeout to be passed to transport in options. Defaults to 120.
  - `max_wait_duration`: The maximum wait duration (in seconds) for the Elasticsearch connection. Defaults to 60.
  - `initial_backoff_duration`: The initial backoff duration (in seconds). Defaults to 5.
  - `backoff_multiplier`: The backoff multiplier. Defaults to 2.
  - `log_level`: Elasticsearch log level. Defaults to `INFO`.
- `service`: Connector service related configurations.
  - `idling`: The interval (in seconds) to poll connectors from Elasticsearch.
  - `heartbeat`: The interval (in seconds) to send a new heartbeat for a connector.
  - `preflight_max_attempts`: The maximum number of retries for pre-flight check. Defaults to 10.
  - `preflight_idle`: The number of seconds to wait between each pre-flight check. Defaults to 30.
  - `max_errors`: The maximum number of errors allowed in one event loop.
  - `max_errors_span`: The number of seconds to reset `max_errors` count.
  - `max_concurrent_syncs`: (Deprecated. Use `max_concurrent_content_syncs`) The maximum number of concurrent content syncs. Defaults to 1. 
  - `max_concurrent_content_syncs`: The maximum number of concurrent content syncs. Defaults to 1.
  - `max_concurrent_access_control_syncs`: The maximum number of concurrent access control syncs. Defaults to 1.
  - `job_cleanup_interval`: The interval (in seconds) to run job cleanup task.
  - `log_level`: Connector service log level. Defaults to `INFO`.
- `extraction_service`: Local extraction service-related configurations. These configurations are optional and are not included by default. The presence of these configurations enables [local content extraction](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/connectors-content-extraction.html#connectors-content-extraction-local).
  - `host`: The host of the local extraction service.
  - `timeout`: Request timeout for local extraction service requests, in seconds. Defaults to 30.
  - `use_file_pointers`: Whether or not to use file pointers for local extraction. Defaults to `false`.
  - `stream_chunk_size`: The size that files are chunked to for streaming when sending a file to the local extraction service, in bytes. Only applicable if `use_file_pointers` is `false`. Defaults to 65536 (64KB).
  - `shared_volume_dir`: The location for files to be extracted from. Only applicable if `use_file_pointers` is `true`. Defaults to `/app/files`.
- `connector_id`: (Deprecated. Configure the connector client in `clients`) The ID of the connector.
- `service_type`: (Deprecated. Configure the connector client in `clients`) The service type of the connector.
- `connectors`: A mapping/dictionary between connector id and per-connector configuration, e.g. service type, api key, etc.
- `sources`: A mapping/dictionary between service type and [Fully Qualified Name
(FQN)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fully_qualified_name). E.g. `mongodb: connectors.sources.mongo:MongoDataSource`.

## Run the connector service on Elastic Cloud

When you have an Enterprise Search deployment on Elastic Cloud post 8.5.0, the connector service is automatically deployed.
The connector service runs in native mode on Elastic Cloud, and the Elasticsearch connection configurations (i.e. `host`, `username`, `password`) are automatically configured.
A special Cloud user (`cloud-internal-enterprise_search-server`) is used for the Elasticsearch connection.
This user has proper privileges on the connector index (`.elastic-connectors`), the connector job index (`.elastic-connectors-sync-jobs`) and the connector content indices (`search-*`).

If you wish to connect more connector types than are natively available on Elastic Cloud, you will need to run the connector service on-prem, as described below.

## Run the connector service on-prem

Any converted native connector, net-new connector, or customized/modified connector must be run as a connector client, on premises.  

1. Go to Kibana, _Enterprise Search_ > _Create an Elasticsearch index_. Select the service type of connector you wish to use.
2. Create an API key to work with the connector. It should be done using the `Generate API key` button under `Configuration` tab.
3. Configure your connector service application. You need to configure the following fields, and leave the rest as default.
   1. `elasticsearch.host`: Configure this to the Elasticsearch endpoint.
   2. `elasticsearch.api_key`: Configure the API key generated in step 2. If you run multiple connector clients, customized connectors in one connector service, you can configure the API key of any connector here. This is recommended over utilizing `elasticsearch.username/password` so that access can be automatically and narrowly scoped.
   3. `connectors`: Configure per-connector configuration here. It should at least contain `connector_id` (You can find the `connector_id` in step 3 `Deploy a connector` under `Configuration` tab in Kibana), `service_type` and `api_key`. Example:
   ```yaml
   connectors:
     <connector_id>:
       service_type: <service_type>
       elasticsearch:
         api_key: <api_key>
  ```
4. Run the connector service application with
    ```shell
    make run
    ```
