docs/RELEASING.md, before:

# Releasing the Connectors project

In versions 8.15 and earlier, the versioning scheme we used was **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH.BUILD**.

Starting in 8.16, we began using semantic versioning aligned with the rest of the Elastic stack (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**).

The version is stored in the [VERSION](https://github.com/elastic/connectors/blob/main/connectors/VERSION) file at the root of this repository.

## After Feature Freeze
Take care of the branching (minor releases only):

- Increment the VERSION on main to match the next minor release
- Create a new maintenance branch
- Make sure the `.backportrc.json` is updated. The previous minor is added to `targetBranchChoices` and the new minor is used in `branchLabelMapping`


## Unified release, (>= 8.16)

The VERSION file should match that of the Elastic stack.

On the day of the Feature Freeze, `#mission-control` will notifiy the release manager that it's time to create a new maintenance branch.

On the day of the release, `#mission-control` will notify the releae manager that it's time to bump the VERSION to the next PATCH.

The Unified Release build will take care of producing git tags and official artifacts from our most recent DRA artifacts.

### In-Between releases

Sometimes, we need to release Connectors independently from the Elastic unified-release.
For instance, if a user reports a critical bug in Connectors, and we want to ship a fix as soon as possible.

In this case, we can trigger a manual release buildkite job.
1. Go to https://buildkite.com/elastic, find "connectors-docker-build-publish" pipeline and trigger a Build:
   - Choose the maintenance branch you want to release from. For example, `8.16` if you want to release between 8.16.0 and 8.16.1
   - Click on "New Build"
   - Enter a descriptive message, and leave HEAD as the commit
   - By default the docker image will be pushed to namespace `integrations`. To push the image to `enterprise-search`, add environment variable `DOCKER_IMAGE_NAME=docker.elastic.co/enterprise-search/elastic-connectors`.
   - Press "Create Build" and wait for the build to finish

This will produce Connectors artifacts like **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH+build<TIMESTAMP>**.
These versions are compatible with SEMVER (Semantic Versioning).
This will automatically create the necessary git tag.

Note that `PATCH` will be 1 less than the current contents of the VERSION file.
This is because the VERSION file is usually bumped right after a stack release.
So right after 8.16.0, the VERSION file is bumped to 8.16.1.
If we want to release again the next day, the in-between artifacts should be associated with 8.16.0 stack versions, not with 8.16.1.

No manual changes to the VERSION file are necessary for these "in-between" releases.
During the pipeline, it will bump the VERSION file in the branch, build the artifacts, then restore the VERSION file.
If the release build fails for some reason, check to make sure the VERSION file was properly restored.


## For versions <= 8.15

**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH** should match the Elastic and Enterprise Search version it targets and the *BUILD* number should be set to **0** the day the Connectors release is created to be included with the Enterprise Search distribution.

For example, when shipping for `8.1.2`, the version is `8.1.2.0`.


After the Elastic unified release is complete

- Update the **BUILD** version ([example PR](https://github.com/elastic/connectors/pull/122)). Note that the Connectors project does not immediately bump to the next **PATCH** version. That won't happen until that patch release's FF date.

### Releasing docker images

To release the docker image, follow these steps:

1. Make sure that you're on the right branch and VERSION file is correct: `cat connectors/VERSION`. The value in this file should be your _expected_ release version - e.g. if you're releasing 8.12.2.1, then VERSION should also be 8.12.2.1.
2. Go to https://buildkite.com/elastic, find "connectors-docker-build-publish" pipeline and trigger a Build:
  - Click on "New Build"
  - Enter a descriptive message, choose commit (or leave HEAD if you build the last commit of the branch) and enter the branch (in the example with 8.12.2.1 you would put `8.12` here)
  - Press "Create Build" and wait for the build to finish
3. Tag the commit that was used for the image with `git tag <tag_id> && git push origin <tag_id>`. For the example above, tag_id would be `v8.12.2.1`
4. Update `connectors/VERSION` file and bump the last part of the version by an increment and submit a PR with it. In the example above, the value would be `8.12.2.2`.

### In-Between releases

Sometimes, we need to release Connectors independently from Enterprise Search. For instance, if someone wants to use the project as an HTTP Service, and we have a bug fix we want them to have as soon as possible.

In that case, we increment the **BUILD** number, and follow the same release process than for the unified release.

So `8.1.2.1`, `8.1.2.2` etc. On the next unified release, the version will be bumped to the next **PATCH** value, and **BUILD** set to `0`

**In-Between releases should never introduce new features since they will eventually be merged into the next PATCH release.**

Commit message:

Adjusting inbetween release process to use dev branches

docs/RELEASING.md, after:

# Releasing the Connectors project

In versions 8.15 and earlier, the versioning scheme we used was **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH.BUILD**.

Starting in 8.16, we began using semantic versioning aligned with the rest of the Elastic stack (**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**).

The version is stored in the [VERSION](https://github.com/elastic/connectors/blob/main/connectors/VERSION) file at the root of this repository.

## After Feature Freeze
Take care of the branching (minor releases only):

- Increment the VERSION on main to match the next minor release
- Create a new maintenance branch
- Make sure the `.backportrc.json` is updated. The previous minor is added to `targetBranchChoices` and the new minor is used in `branchLabelMapping`


## Unified release, (>= 8.16)

The VERSION file should match that of the Elastic stack.

On the day of the Feature Freeze, `#mission-control` will notify the release manager that it's time to create a new maintenance branch.

Make sure that the `catalog-info.yml` on the `main` branch is running nightly builds for any new maintenance branch.

On the day of the release, `#mission-control` will notify the release manager that it's time to bump the VERSION to the next PATCH.

The Unified Release build will take care of producing git tags and official artifacts from our most recent DRA artifacts.

### In-Between releases

Sometimes, we need to release Connectors independently of the Elastic unified-release.
For instance, if a user reports a critical bug in Connectors, and we want to ship a fix as soon as possible.

In this case, we can follow the below process:

1. create a new dev branch from the branch you want to release from. e.g:
    ```
    git checkout 8.16 && git checkout -b seanstory/release-8.16.0-20241108 && git push origin seanstory/release-8.16.0-20241108
    ```
2. Go to https://buildkite.com/elastic, find "connectors-docker-build-publish" pipeline and trigger a Build:
   - Choose the dev branch you just created. In this example, `seanstory/release-8.16.0-20241108`
   - Click on "New Build"
   - Enter a descriptive message, and leave HEAD as the commit
   - By default the docker image will be pushed to namespace `integrations`. To push the image to `enterprise-search`, add environment variable `DOCKER_IMAGE_NAME=docker.elastic.co/enterprise-search/elastic-connectors`.
   - Press "Create Build" and wait for the build to finish
3. The build will have created a few commits and a git tag. 
  To make sure the commits are visible in the right places, you now need to make a PR from your dev branch to the maintenance branch.
  In this example: `8.16 <- seanstory/release-8.16.0-20241108`.
  Note, the PR might have an empty diff. This is ok.
4. Once that PR is merged, you're done.

This will produce Connectors artifacts like **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH+build<TIMESTAMP>**.
These versions are compatible with SEMVER (Semantic Versioning).
This will automatically create the necessary git tag.

Note that `PATCH` will be 1 less than the current contents of the VERSION file.
This is because the VERSION file is usually bumped right after a stack release.
So right after 8.16.0, the VERSION file is bumped to 8.16.1.
If we want to release again the next day, the in-between artifacts should be associated with 8.16.0 stack versions, not with 8.16.1.

No manual changes to the VERSION file are necessary for these "in-between" releases.
During the pipeline, it will bump the VERSION file in the branch, build the artifacts, then restore the VERSION file.
If the release build fails for some reason, check to make sure the VERSION file was properly restored.


## For versions <= 8.15

**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH** should match the Elastic and Enterprise Search version it targets and the *BUILD* number should be set to **0** the day the Connectors release is created to be included with the Enterprise Search distribution.

For example, when shipping for `8.1.2`, the version is `8.1.2.0`.


After the Elastic unified release is complete

- Update the **BUILD** version ([example PR](https://github.com/elastic/connectors/pull/122)). Note that the Connectors project does not immediately bump to the next **PATCH** version. That won't happen until that patch release's FF date.

### Releasing docker images

To release the docker image, follow these steps:

1. Make sure that you're on the right branch and VERSION file is correct: `cat connectors/VERSION`. The value in this file should be your _expected_ release version - e.g. if you're releasing 8.12.2.1, then VERSION should also be 8.12.2.1.
2. Go to https://buildkite.com/elastic, find "connectors-docker-build-publish" pipeline and trigger a Build:
  - Click on "New Build"
  - Enter a descriptive message, choose commit (or leave HEAD if you build the last commit of the branch) and enter the branch (in the example with 8.12.2.1 you would put `8.12` here)
  - Press "Create Build" and wait for the build to finish
3. Tag the commit that was used for the image with `git tag <tag_id> && git push origin <tag_id>`. For the example above, tag_id would be `v8.12.2.1`
4. Update `connectors/VERSION` file and bump the last part of the version by an increment and submit a PR with it. In the example above, the value would be `8.12.2.2`.

### In-Between releases

Sometimes, we need to release Connectors independently from Enterprise Search. For instance, if someone wants to use the project as an HTTP Service, and we have a bug fix we want them to have as soon as possible.

In that case, we increment the **BUILD** number, and follow the same release process than for the unified release.

So `8.1.2.1`, `8.1.2.2` etc. On the next unified release, the version will be bumped to the next **PATCH** value, and **BUILD** set to `0`

**In-Between releases should never introduce new features since they will eventually be merged into the next PATCH release.**
